ID: A1223Z

CASE NUMBER: 1234567890A

ADMISSION TIME: 10:45 

ADMISSION DIAGNOSES: Hyperglycemia, cholelithiasis, obstructive sleep apnea, diabetes mellitus, and hypertension.

DISCHARGE DIAGNOSES: Hyperglycemia, cholelithiasis, obstructive sleep apnea, diabetes mellitus, hypertension, and cholecystitis.

PROCEDURE: Laparoscopic cholecystectomy.

SERVICE: Surgery.

PATIENT CLASS: Subsidised C

HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS: Ms. Anna Wong Xin En (NRIC : S1234567A) is a 57-year-old woman. Anna suffers from morbid obesity. Anna also has diabetes and obstructive sleep apnea. Anna was evaluated in the Bariatric Surgical Center for placement of a band. During Anna's workup, Anna was noted to have evidence of cholelithiasis. It was felt that the Anna would benefit from removal of her gallbladder prior to having band placement secondary to her diabetes and the risk of infection of the band. Anna was scheduled to undergo her procedure on 12/31/09; however, at blood glucose check, Anna was noted to be hyperglycemic, her sugar was 438. She was admitted to the hospital for treatment of her hyperglycemia.

HOSPITAL COURSE: Ms. Anna Wong Xin En was admitted to the hospital on 16 Aug 2022. Anna was seen by Dr. Lee Jun You. Dr. Lee put her on an insulin drip. Anna's sugars slowly did come down to normal down to between 115 and 134. On the next day, Anna was then taken to the operating room, where she underwent her laparoscopic cholecystectomy. Anna was noted to be a difficult intubation for the procedure. There were some indications of chronic cholecystitis, a little bit of edema, mild edema and adhesions of omentum around the gallbladder. Anna underwent the procedure. She tolerated without difficulty. She was recovered in the Postoperative Care Unit and then returned to the floor. Her blood sugar postprocedure was noted to be 233. Anna was started back on a sliding scale insulin. She continued to do well and was felt to be stable for discharge following the procedure.

WARD:Type C

BED: C10

DISCHARGE INSTRUCTIONS: To return to the Medifast diet. To continue with her blood glucose. Anna needs to follow up with Dr. Tan Jie Xi, and she will see Dr. Zack Yong next week on Friday. Dr. Tan Jie Xi and Dr. Zack Yong will determine if we will proceed with her lap band at that time. She may shower. She needs to keep her wounds clean and dry. No heavy lifting. No driving on narcotic pain medicines. Anna needs to continue with her CPAP machine and continue to monitor her sugars.

EMERGENCY CONTACT: Her sister, Alice Wong Xin Hui (S0123456B) can be contacted at 91001010.

